# alpha-robotics-app-ui

This app is meant to be the next step in the robotics frameworks to make programming for VEX and other such robotics competitions easier. This app serves several purposes; it includes a suite of PID, Odometry and a Pure Pursuit algorithm that is still in progress. The UI is simplistic due to the nature of the CTK library but it is nonetheless useful. This app also serves the purpose of being the culmination of several projects I have been working on; it combines my previous robotics app as well as a neural netwrok I have coded. It further utilizes my library that I've made for VEX hardware and includes the aforementioned control systems. The UI is inspired by Apple's Liquid Glass, but as any legitimate refraction would be next to impossible with CTK, I have simply opted for make a blurred UI. Moreover, having circular UI elements also give the app a more modern feeling and user experience. Ultimately, I wanted this app to be a challenge towards my coding abilities and I wanted to incorporate most of what I've learned in the past year or so through my aforementioned projects into this one. 

The interface, simple as it may be, is designed to be intuitive and easy to use. A user can input basic data about their robot in the Robots section under the homepage. This page allows a user to 'create' several different robots to allow for several configuratioms and more in-depth tuning of constants if they change a certain aspect about the robot. This page includes several options; a user can precisely configure their robot within the app to better tune their constants. 
The following are features I'd like to eventually introduce to this page: a copy and paste option for a robot, a branch option, much like Github to make it easier to test different configurations of the same robot. 

The main path drawing interface has a large frame that contains the current VEX game field (currently VEX Override) and 2 options above it. These are the options to change the field from the Skills or Alliance layouts as well as a drop down menu to select which game field the user would like to make a path for. This exists for users to be able to utilize several prior fields so that this app may be used in path planning for the game as well as in-class experimentation. 

The app uses an account system to store paths as well as robot configurations per user. I hope to add a Teams functionaily, which, througha  code or something similar, lets users make a team to share their paths and robots with. There would be specific 'Team' and 'Personal' sections under the robot specs page as well as a 'Team' section beside the element to redraw previous paths. There is no user information that is collected aside from this is as that would be pointless. 

Finally, the app also utilizes my own neural network to predict the most optimal PID constants as well as Pure Pursuit constants. It takes the respective sensor inputs or the robot in conjunction with the robots weight, motor voltage, number of motors and other such measurements to accurately determine the respective constants for either control system. Of course the neural network still requires training but it a very good emthod to figure out constants with.

My hope is that this app may be used by other schools and robotics clubs/programs to further their own robots through code and to get a better understanding of robotics control systems. It is also my hope that schools and clubs that do not necessarily have the resources for tons of coding or if they don't have a coder on the team. 
